What objects does our game have?

- a character
- office floors
- different obstacles
- office colleagues
- shortcuts to get down faster
- the office exit
- office monsters
- items(keys to open doors, health kits, weapons)


How do these objects behave?

(1) Character: The main character is a bored office dude, desperately craving for some adrenaline.
He has health, can use items, run to different rooms and office floors. 
He is also able to fight office monsters with weapons he finds along the way.

(2) Office floors: The office floors consist of a certain amount of rooms. The amount of rooms per floor can vary.
The character needs to travel across these rooms in order to get down to lower floors, eventually reaching the buildings exit. 
Some of these rooms contain obstacles, monsters, items, or colleagues that need to be saved.

(3) Obstacles: Obstacles are objects like barricaded doors, holes in the floor, a fire covering an escape route, 
a dangerous and flammable liquid covering an area, etc. Some obstacles can be avoided by finding a way around it,
some obstacles need to be conquered in order to move on to the next area.

(4) Office colleagues: Office colleagues are people who are also trapped inside the huge office building,
they share a common goal with the main character: they want to reach the buildings exit too. 
Not all colleagues need to be saved, but you might be able to receive a useful item from them, like a health kit to restore some hp.

(5) Shortcuts: These shortcuts might be able to get you down faster by jumping through a crack in the floor for example,
but there's no guarantee that these shortcuts are always safe, it might be better to avoid these shortcuts and continue on
the regular route if you're low on hp.

(6) Office exit: The office exit is all the way down, his is the goal you'll eventually want to reach.
If you manage to reach the office exit, you've saved the character and won the game.

(7) Office monsters: These office monsters are found on the various floors and rooms. They can be avoided,
which is an especially smart choice when you don't have a weapon. However, in case the character actually has any kind of weapon,
these monsters are easily killed. 

(8): Items: Items are objects which can be found all over the place. They assist the character in escaping the building.
This could be a key to open a door or a health kit to restore some health. When the character encounters an item,
he has the choice to pick it up or just leave it be.



What programming tools are needed to code these objects?

(1) Character: 

